okay
ha ha ha
Mmhmm.
mm umm  first time
Mmm ahh
ah ha
oh because of tha ahhhh
oh ohhh
(***) ohh
so you have to get there by boat there's no other way to get there
hey ahh
mm mm
ha ahhh
It's like just your private place.
huh haaaa
to get there otherwise you can't reach your house
huhhh   What was the best thing to eat in Finland?
I don't think I've heard... like...
They're signature dishes. I don't think I've ever heard.
Oh.
I hear that venison is really good.
Yeah,  do me so I don't know if
maybe
ohhhh, elk meat.
Hmmmm...
My favorite place.
To visit is probably though Japan, my grandparents' house.
yeah
You guys just like... Yeah.
Like my grandparents are there and then I've known that house
longer than I've known any other house in my life.
Yeah, because we've moved a couple times but they've never moved
So,
Yeah, on my mom's side. no
Yeah, not on my dad's side, on my mom's side.
yeah so i think it's just like going there it's like a comfort place
so
oh my mother Yeah, I think my mom's calling them like every week.
So they chat online and then...
I think last time we visited I got to hear a lot of my
my grandpa's like stories about when he was younger so
It was like when he was starting off as a pastor.
and things like that so it was really like yeah
He's still a tapster. Yeah, he still helps out.
That too. ha ha yeah
so
yeah so he was i was able to hear a lot of i think like he tried really hard to share
I like as much as he could.
yeah yeah yeah
yeah so we got to hear a lot I think my mom took a lot of notes
And then we kind of got to hear about his family too.
and he was like It was really cool to hear about.
yeah just how it was like and then my grandpa's
father so he how he became a Christian
yeah yeah he is a second generation
Yeah, on my mom's side.
Yeah. Yeah.
3.5!
yeah 3.5 generations
Fascinating lesson.
But it's just... I don't know. But like...
I think just like the way he...
like he's continued
to follow Jesus even though he's gone through
Some things like I can't imagine being like being a Christian.
(***)Yeah, he did so it was like
and then he's here now and I feel like he's like
he was so faithful and then now he's like
he still is and then
i can see that so i think that was just like a privilege to be able to hear that
Yeah, yeah, and then
you know God has continued to bless the family and then I'm here.
with the same faith now so
I don't know but
I still think he was, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, a lot of different, yeah.
yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah yeah
I think they came here when Shokun was little
So they visited and then we've been visiting them since yeah
Yeah.